so how do we catch these in so just walk
along the shoreline and they're usually
sitting right next to shore or on the
shore and they'll hop in the water and
then you just want to scoop them up go
on froggies yeah bleep ugly problem you
get it no come on froggies you know you
want to hang up get him yeah I think so
yeah excellent oh here we go you got it
yeah Michaelson all right great oh so
that always got yellow belly oh very
yellow Oh big belly change smell like
garlic nope I don't mention a female I
really yeah so the male's melancholic
yeah during the breeding season
especially performing surgery on a frog
in the cold and blustery heights of this
year a Nevada is not easy I just grabbed
him by his hind legs here yeah don't
lose him so I just want to grab by the
hind legs like that whoa oh he's the
funny shape doesn't he the frog skin is
not attached to its body along its back
so making a cut in the skin is not as
painful or as harmful as it appears all
right we both apologize the Frog of you
a dying it's got their pic dig into
their it's very good course and then
you're kept in there handsome perfect
yet slide the pit tag and server writers
that small incision that's fine and make
sure you go right into the skin and not
under the muscle perfect there we go
right to there okay in goes the pit tag
now we want to move that pit tag up over
the sacral hump event amazing how their
skins not really attached to anywhere
everything rides around you can see how
nice and loose that's Universal yeah
there we go no ok so now so we want to
run a pit tag over a peg we drove ring
and let pull the let the button up and
ago I got 225 40
okay so we get the legs wet so that the
transmitter rolls really easily over the
legs and then you're gonna want to slide
the antenna over its leg when I saw the
antenna I wouldn't have believed that
you could have fit Billy that round he's
wasted yep men to spin it sit on top of
the animal here's the pit tag their only
wider man's yeah he is ready go I want
to turn the radio on no power them again
there's the signal that's good and set
oh where are you frog that's him yeah so
how many are you planning to very
transmit like this Tim yeah so this is a
really aquatic frog it spends almost all
its time right along the lakeshore or
stream shore and that makes it easy for
us to track them right we know they
don't head off across the rocks and
disappear down disappear the batteries
can last up to 30 days before he has to
remove the transmitter giving Roland
plenty of time to check whether the Frog
stays in its new home oh there we go ok
ready frog eco a nice elegant doll's it
no they're not real elegant first
indications are that the frogs are happy
to stay put if it successful Rolen can
soon begin to put the legs back to how
they should be and restock Yosemite with
a mountain yellow-legged frog